docs/configuration.rst, before:

Configuration
=============

Before django-helpdesk will be much use, you need to do some basic configuration. Most of this is done via the Django admin screens.

1. Visit ``http://yoursite/admin/`` and add a Helpdesk Queue. If you wish, enter your POP3 or IMAP server details. 

   **IMPORTANT NOTE**: Any tickets created via POP3 or IMAP mailboxes will DELETE the original e-mail from the mail server.

2. Visit ``http://yoursite/helpdesk/`` (or whatever path as defined in your ``urls.py``) 

3. If you wish to automatically create tickets from the contents of an e-mail inbox, set up a cronjob to run the management command on a regular basis. 

   Don't forget to set the relevant Django environment variables in your crontab::

       */5 * * * * /path/to/helpdesksite/manage.py get_email

   This will run the e-mail import every 5 minutes

   **IMPORTANT NOTE**: Any tickets created via POP3 or IMAP mailboxes will DELETE the original e-mail from the mail server.

4. If you wish to automatically escalate tickets based on their age, set up a cronjob to run the escalation command on a regular basis::
   
       0 * * * * /path/to/helpdesksite/manage.py escalate_tickets
   
   This will run the escalation process hourly, using the 'Escalation Days' setting for each queue to determine which tickets to escalate.

5. If you wish to exclude some days (eg, weekends) from escalation calculations, enter the dates manually via the Admin, or setup a cronjob to run a management command on a regular basis::

       0 0 * * 0 /path/to/helpdesksite/manage.py create_escalation_exclusions --days saturday,sunday --escalate-verbosely

   This will, on a weekly basis, create exclusions for the coming weekend.

6. Log in to your Django admin screen, and go to the 'Sites' module. If the site ``example.com`` is listed, click it and update the details so they are relevant for your website.

7. If you do not send mail directly from your web server (eg, you need to use an SMTP server) then edit your ``settings.py`` file so it contains your mail server details::

       EMAIL_HOST = 'XXXXX'
       EMAIL_HOST_USER = 'YYYYYY@ZZZZ.PPP'
       EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD = '123456'

8. If you wish to use SOCKS4/5 proxy with Helpdesk Queue email operations, install PySocks manually.

You're now up and running! Happy ticketing.

Commit message:

Make SOCKS-proxy support global for all queues under Py3
Python 2 retains per-queue SOCKS-proxy support, but this is simplest fix until someone needs it for Python 3.

docs/configuration.rst, after:

Configuration
=============

Before django-helpdesk will be much use, you need to do some basic configuration. Most of this is done via the Django admin screens.

1. Visit ``http://yoursite/admin/`` and add a Helpdesk Queue. If you wish, enter your POP3 or IMAP server details. 

   **IMPORTANT NOTE**: Any tickets created via POP3 or IMAP mailboxes will DELETE the original e-mail from the mail server.

2. Visit ``http://yoursite/helpdesk/`` (or whatever path as defined in your ``urls.py``) 

3. If you wish to automatically create tickets from the contents of an e-mail inbox, set up a cronjob to run the management command on a regular basis. 

   Don't forget to set the relevant Django environment variables in your crontab::

       */5 * * * * /path/to/helpdesksite/manage.py get_email

   This will run the e-mail import every 5 minutes

   **IMPORTANT NOTE**: Any tickets created via POP3 or IMAP mailboxes will DELETE the original e-mail from the mail server.

4. If you wish to automatically escalate tickets based on their age, set up a cronjob to run the escalation command on a regular basis::
   
       0 * * * * /path/to/helpdesksite/manage.py escalate_tickets
   
   This will run the escalation process hourly, using the 'Escalation Days' setting for each queue to determine which tickets to escalate.

5. If you wish to exclude some days (eg, weekends) from escalation calculations, enter the dates manually via the Admin, or setup a cronjob to run a management command on a regular basis::

       0 0 * * 0 /path/to/helpdesksite/manage.py create_escalation_exclusions --days saturday,sunday --escalate-verbosely

   This will, on a weekly basis, create exclusions for the coming weekend.

6. Log in to your Django admin screen, and go to the 'Sites' module. If the site ``example.com`` is listed, click it and update the details so they are relevant for your website.

7. If you do not send mail directly from your web server (eg, you need to use an SMTP server) then edit your ``settings.py`` file so it contains your mail server details::

       EMAIL_HOST = 'XXXXX'
       EMAIL_HOST_USER = 'YYYYYY@ZZZZ.PPP'
       EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD = '123456'

8. If you wish to use SOCKS4/5 proxy with Helpdesk Queue email operations, install PySocks manually. Please note that mixing both SOCKS and non-SOCKS email sources for different queues is only supported under Python 2; on Python 3, SOCKS proxy support is all-or-nothing: either all queue email sources must use SOCKS or none may use it. If you need this functionality on Python 3 please `let us know <https://github.com/django-helpdesk/django-helpdesk/issues/new>`_.

You're now up and running! Happy ticketing.
